in this video I'm gonna cover five
products you need to be selling in the
month of September for your Shopify
dropshipping stores as always I
specifically hand-picked all these
products that I found to be doing very
well organically on Tick Tock now with
that being said I'm going to uncover the
exact video I saw along with the
AliExpress linked product available to
be drop shipped immediately the crazy
thing is that every single one of you
can sell these exact products to go
viral and who knows maybe build out a
brand using this as an entry point or
platform to grow something big but
without further Ado let's hop into these
products
foreign
product is this beverage cooler soda
jacket type of thing and the first time
I saw this I just thought that there was
so much potential with you know
expanding out the product line and as
well just getting viral videos based off
of generated content but I want to
quickly announce that if we hit 500
likes on this video I will post this
product list sheet that you all can
download and use to organize the
products you want to sell along with the
exact product and add links from this
video so for the first product we're
going to go in and check out the exact
Tick Tock video that I saw showcasing
the products
there's a different product variations
different styles that you can add I just
took them out of the fridge let's see if
it actually works
temperatures
so the video showcases that the product
does work and all the different styles
of the puff jacket so this is really
great for expanding your product line
along with UTC so we can go and check
out the actual Tick Tock account so as
you can see the last post 15 hours ago
one day ago four days ago there's a lot
of potential different variations of the
product different types of jackets maybe
you can even expand out to pants bigger
sweaters different types of sweaters as
you can see here they have Christmas
sweaters and lots of user generated
content now what we can do with this
product list sheets go into their exact
website so you can copy this let's check
out the website and how they're going
about structuring this product
so this is pretty clean what is your
drink where so it's solving a problem
you're able to keep your drink cooler
and at the same time style your drinks
okay let's go in and scroll down
it's pretty nicely done website let's
see what they are selling the product
for so they're selling they got tons of
different types different variants
each with its own product page or
selling it for 17.95 and you can even
change between Fabric and rubber cases
so what we saw is that the product is
4.68 the shipping is zero dollars what I
would personally sell this for I didn't
get away with selling this for 22.99
charging 199 for shipping and that
leaves us at a profit of 18.31 cents per
unit and on the shipping you're gonna
profit 1.99 with the overall net profit
of twenty dollars and three cents for
this product now for the niche what I
would Target people that I'm trying to
acquire would be like drinking companies
so I would go in and Target Budweiser
Heineken you could even go like the full
send Andrew Tate what color super guy
hey maybe even Donald Trump were out
kind of that conservative route and you
know people that generally watch full
send would I think personally be
interested in a product like this right
full sun just released their was it
Happy Days beverage drink and it's a
it's a Seltzer right so I think this is
a great Niche that you could Target and
the product itself has a lot of
potential for building out a legitimate
brand based on the amount of ugc
capability and expanding on the product
line because there's so many different
types of jackets that they are
showcasing on their store and you could
even do collaboration and I would
suggest selling this product all right
so product number two is this watch
grinder if we look here onto the tick
tock video itself it's going to showcase
the product
foreign
[Music]
various things inside of this grinder
and it's grinding up the material and
obviously the direct Target Niche that
they're trying to attract is people that
I guess smoke 420 audience and so I
guess on Tick Tock you can't really post
this type of content so that's why
they're putting in different types of
material but yeah this is a cool video
look how can I buy one can I have one
it's my brother's Beauty coming up so
this is a great product that you can
gift it's a giftable product also it's
just a cool party trick to have like if
you're at a party Put the flower in
there you grind it up is actually
solving a problem right A lot of people
I'm sure or don't like to have a grinder
on them this is an established way to do
so and a concealed way to do so so what
we can do here is check out the product
unit price it's nine dollars and two
cents there's different styles to look
at the product list sheets right here so
it's nine dollars and two cents shipping
is 72 sense I would personally sell this
for 49.99 so I think this is a product
that you don't want to sell too cheap
right you don't want to sell it at two
to three times because you still want to
have a high perceived value with this
product and watch it specifically have a
higher perceived value if you sell this
watch for 20 bucks people will be like
okay this doesn't seem right right it's
probably bad quality so I'd sell it from
four nine dollars you can even try at 59
and the profit per unit price should be
4.97 and then for the shipping I charge
3.99 for shipping on this one and then
the profit would be
3.27 out of overall net profit of 44.24
so it's a high profit margin product
we're gonna do is look at oh it looks
like they're not running a website
anymore when I saw they were running
their website I don't know why they
might have taken it down but that's no
worries and then the target Niche I
would go in and try and attract people
that are into watches potentially ASMR
depending on the content that you push
420 in California Amsterdam that whole
route is another way in which you could
push content they're posting consistent
ugc content and here it looks like the
way that they are pushing the content is
geared towards Trends clearly there is a
group of people that have an interest in
this product going about your marketing
strategy and presenting the right offer
to these people so that's it for number
two let's go on to product number three
all right so product number three is
This Confidential stamp that erases your
important information or it draws over
your important information with a stamp
so people don't have access to viewing
that so here is the exact Tick Tock I
saw
random Amazon fines I just slap
through all my packages
all you gotta do is overwrite this
little stamp the stamp over your
confidential papers any packages
anything that you don't want people to
view instead of using a shred better you
can just use this little stamp let's
look at the comments alright so as you
can see people like what is the first
one called people have an interest for
this there's tons of comments lots of
Engagement and let's look at the price
itself is four dollars and seven cents
free shipping it's a very light product
so the shipping isn't going to be much
there's different colors different
variations this was just one of the
variations that I found yeah four
dollars and fourteen cents is the
product cost zero dollars for shipping
you could charge 14.99 to 19.99 for this
product and then charge 199 for shipping
that would leave you at per unit 15.85
profit and then for the shipping you'd
profit 1.99 and then the overall net
profit will be
17.84 cents what we can do is look at
the competitor website right here this
is the website that was running it along
with the dedicated Tick Tock account
that they had here so this six dollar
account was driving a ton of traffic for
this product driving them to this link
right here where they are selling
different variations of this yeah let's
see we got the blue unit they're selling
for 22.99 and they have a different
variant option here if we were to go in
and type in a confidential standard
you'd see different products that all
serve the same function so this exact
product just different styles so you can
choose from there and as far as the
target Niche I would go in and Target
gadgets office supplies Office Depot
different companies that tend to Target
people that need Home Goods so from here
you could go in and build out a tick
tock account that's dedicated to office
supplies and as you can see very similar
to discount so this is the way in which
I would push content let's see how often
they're posting three days ago four days
ago one week ago so what I would do is I
would look at the video that went viral
this video right here and make my video
as similar as I can to this video and
continue to post videos in this fashion
right fast page 15 seconds and
experiment with viral types of videos
Trends going in and trying to showcase
the product but yeah that's pretty much
it for product number three let's go on
to number four all right so product
number four is a trench lighter and you
can actually expand upon different types
of Lighters within this little niche and
so the first time I saw this I was like
wow this thing looks pretty damn cool
and the video is even cooler so let's
check out the video
trench lighter I'm not sure what exactly
that is I never bought a lighter but
just looks like a cool little Gadget
have a lightsaber lighter and I know for
a fact there's definitely people out
there that have an interest in buying
this people that smoke people that just
like to have cool little gadgets and
little fidget toys let's go into the
comments and just see what people are
saying flammator heavy trenches the
first one lightsaber lightsaber so
there's four products here actually and
I just listed one of the four so what
you could do is just go on AliExpress
and type in lightsaber lighter and build
out a whole entire store based around
these Gadget type lighters so the
product is 19 the shipping was zero
dollars per unit you could even sell
this for I think 50 plus but I would go
on the safe side 44.99 profit
25.61 shipping you could charge shipping
for this product because I'd say it's a
little bit on the heavier side go 4.99
for this probably would be 4.99 on the
shipping and then overall in that profit
dollars and six cents now we're gonna do
is go in and check out the lighter store
and see what kind of Lighters that they
are selling to Their audience and even
from this page that they have the brass
retour lighters look hey bro tasteful
lighter free shipping or right here they
got 1.9 million likes 149 000 followers
consistently posting tell me which one
and it all looks like it's in the same
fashion they're asking people which one
do they like best see how consistent
they're posting one day ago two days ago
two days ago three days ago so they're
posting a lot of content getting people
to hopefully hit this link right here
let's open it and this is the light the
entry to the lighter store they even got
a WhatsApp a telegram and yeah tons of
different types of Lighters this is
37.94 Euro it's about same one to one to
the dollar look at they have tons of
different types of Lighters giving
people an option to choose between which
one they would like best and to increase
the average card value per customer
right if you only have one of these then
an average customer buy only buy one or
two and see what the product pages look
like showcasing the products they got
reviews clearly this drop ship look they
got the E star star W they imported
these reviews from AliExpress the niches
that I would go about targeting if I
were to run Facebook ads is lighters
tactical army gadgets fidgets smoking
cigarettes camping you can even do
Doomsday prepping and hit the
suggestions bar and see what other types
of Interest are popping up but this
product I think is super cool it's got a
clear set of audience very targeted and
I highly suggest selling this product as
well so that's it for product number
four let's go on to the very last
product number five all right so the
last but not least product is another
product that is geared to a very
targeted group of people this one is
specific to people that have a computer
that are maybe Gamers people that are
interested in upgrading their desk setup
so let's look at the exact video that I
saw very interactive video unboxing
3 million likes 12K comments 80k shares
seems like it's a ASMR type of video
it's a really cool product
it's a very simple video just showcasing
the product you can link your music and
it's a rhythm they call it the Rhythm
speakers the Rhythm LED speakers
so let's see what people are saying the
Creator says buy all 3K likes on that so
they're directing people to their bio to
eventually go in and purchase their
product let's see what people are saying
unboxing is more satisfying than the
product so sometimes when you
incorporate an interesting element to
your video and just get people to react
to the video itself or something that
you do in the video that helps your
video go viral and more eyes on the
video needs more eyes on your brand to
get people to eventually hit that link
to get organic engagement onto your
website so let's go in and check the
websites that they link this was the
website that they linked RM and I'm not
sure what currency that is but they're
selling it on shop e they're probably
getting some sort of commission towards
here 1.4 K sold 480 ratings 4.9 Stars so
that is where they are directing people
and here is a competitor Tick Tock
account that I've listed for you guys
suppose using very similar type of
content as you can see
you may notice that that first video
went vowel for that reason and they made
it very similar
super cool I would even buy something
like this and I'm not even into the
whole Tech setup let's look at the
AliExpress link right here all right so
here's one AliExpress link it's getting
sold for
21.84 and it just depends on which
listing that you choose uh I guess from
here they changed up the price since the
last time that I linked it which is only
yesterday so they're already changed
price I would sell this for 59.99
remember that the product like this I
would say you want to have a higher
perceived value because you don't want
to sell a electronic product for like 20
bucks 40 bucks it just doesn't seem like
the quality is great and people will
take note of that so I'll go with
anything from 59 to 69 dollars
profit per unit would be 37.83 and
shipping is they're charging zero so
that's nice and for product like this I
would charge anywhere from 499 to 5.99
so the profit would be 4.99 on the
shipping the net profit overall would be
42.82 now let's go on to the specific
niches the exact niches that I would go
in and Target you could go with gaming
go with video games keyboards League of
Legends War zones different types of
games ASMR unboxings unbox therapy so
there's so many different types of
niches that you can go in and Target on
Facebook this would be maybe a little
bit harder to go in and push for
longevity just because uh you'd have to
work directly with your manufacturer to
get different types of units product
modifications and with electronics it
tends to be a bit harder nonetheless I
think it's a really cool product and if
you hit that right group of people if
you're able to push out content that
gets people to engage and potentially
actually buy you're going to do well and
so that just wraps up for the five
products I suggest you guys to sell in
September oh and do not forget 500 likes
on this video and I'm going to post in
the comment section just like the last
video you guys hit that 500 like
threshold good job but let's do it again
I'm gonna post it I'm gonna have the
entire database two go ahead and use for
your product research methods and I also
do apologize for not posting the last
week I've been on the road I was in
Italy yesterday I just arrived in Prague
the Czech Republic I'm calling to Vienna
and Budapest the next couple of days so
I'm gonna be moving a lot but in
Budapest I'm gonna stay got my Airbnb
book for one month so I'll be posting
tons of content pushing out as much as I
can for you guys but if you guys enjoyed
this video please do hit that like
button and subscribe if you're enjoying
what I am posting and you want to keep
up with the journey and you want to
learn more about e-commerce I'll see you
guys in the next video peace
[Music]
foreign